C# developer

As a Java Developer, you will provide high quality technology solutions that address business needs by developing applications within mature technology environments. You will perform full life cycle design and development for the App Dev Practice at Lightwell. 
Responsibilities
Create application designs in support of the application’s specifications and interfaces.
Develop software using Java, Jax-RS and Hibernate.
Develop data access code to Oracle databases including creating and optimizing Functions and Stored Procedures.
Familiarity with No SQL databases such as Cassandra and MongoDB.
Configuring Docker files for Liberty or Quarkus Container creation.
Develop automated tests: unit, integration and end-to-end
Work independently and as part of a team
Ability to mentor junior developers
Must Haves:
6+ Years’ of experience as an application developer on the Java stack
2+ years’ experience creating and consuming REST services



Technical Lead - Angular & .NET - Architect I
Responsibilities
Manage a team of 2-5 software developers
Create application designs in support of the application’s specifications and interfaces.
Develop software using Angular, TypeScript, C#, T-SQL and more
Develop automated tests: unit, integration and end-to-end
Mentor junior development resources
Must Haves:
2+ years experience as a tech lead or team lead
8+ years’ experience as an application developer on the .NET stack
6+ years’ experience developing web applications
2+ years’ experience with Angular or 3+ years experience in React, Vue or similar SPA
2+ years’ experience creating and consuming REST services
Strong to expert level understanding of CSS and HTML markup
5+ years experience with a modern RDBMS like SQL Server or Oracle
Nice to Haves:
Experience developing solutions using Redux or NgRx
Experience with Microsoft Azure cloud infrastructure
You are a good fit if you…
Have experience running small technical teams
Have experience in building responsive web applications
Are experienced in agile development methodologies.
Have good organizational skills, proven analytical, planning, problem solving, and decision-making skills.
Have the ability to manage time and meet assigned deadlines.
Can demonstrate proven experience in troubleshooting issues.
Have experience with hands-on technical design within large enterprise systems.
Have experience in making best practice recommendations based on industry standards.
